# themelanatednetwork wjmjr
# themelanatednetwork_Social/READ.md
themelanatednetwork_Social will launch an Event on Zoom soon, January 26th, 2020.  Who and What is themelanatednetwork_Social and what is our end goal?  The Melanated Network is exclusively for alll melanated individuals to network, collaborate, and to positively help in the redevelopment of ours youth, elders and community as a whole.  This can be down individually as well as a community, both locally, nationally and worldwide...despite the many differences we may have.  I created the company called, Holla-Black, LLC., D.B.A. Collaborative Consultants & Services back in 2008, in the State of Minnesota.  Holla-Black, LLC., the Corporate Headquarters, located within the United States; will be the initial HUB.  The founding location, and for the record...the Official and Original Creator of Holla-Black, LLC.  The D.B.A.: Collaborative Consultants & Services is for everyone else, who is not black/melanated.  This is not to meant to be offensive to anyone who is not BLACK, nor is there no need to explain...but to clarify in a sense as to why it is exclusive?  If you must ask or the need to wonder and to put in very simply...every other ethnic group network, collaborate with unity, why not melanated individuals (blacks).  Collaborative Consultants & Services is the D.B.A. of Holla-Black, LLC., however, Collaborative Consultants & Services will initially begin with recruiting Associates under the heading of the Headquarters, but these particular Associates will be assigned (exclusively for assigned associates) in focused regions, i.e., the United States of America, including every State(*), City(#) and Landmarks(+).  Collaborative Consultants & Services will immediately begin preparation to recruit as fast as possible, identify each location filled, then training as a group.  This will be done via Zoom meetings, Outlook Calender and any other future resource that may be discovered.  For now I will leave it there, but will add more before the end of this day, January 21, 2020.  allprojects {
		repositories {
			...
			maven { url 'https://jitpack.io' }
		}
	}
  dependencies {
		implementation 'com.github.User:Repo:Tag'
	}
